>> Erik Reinert: The next one is going to
be Evolution of
Backend System Architectures.
And so, I really like this GIF because
it really does kinda show the process of
something over a period of time, and
this is really how your
architecture should grow.
It should slowly become more defined,
more understandable, and
easier to look at, basically, as it grows.
And so what we're gonna do really quickly,
is we're gonna go through
the evolution of a backend system
architecture from one to another.
So, we're gonna start with a monolith,
right?
This is the most common scenario that
a lot of people start with, right?
We've already talked about this,
we've already explained why.
So we don't really need to go
into a lot of detail with this.
But if you were at a company and you were
wanting to start something from scratch,
or you didn't know where to begin,
a monolith is a great place to start
because of, again, the simplicity,
the consistency and the efficiency
of being able to run that monolith.
You don't have to worry about the
distributed, all the complexities of that.
You don't have to worry about
the limitations around serverless and
things like that.
You have a lot more control of running
that thing locally, developing it,
putting it in the cloud, and then letting
that iterate over that time and time and
time again until you get
to something a bit further.
So, when we talk about that,
again, here's our monolith, right?
And this is where something like
Next.js going back to that as
Next.js as a monolith,
this is why it's so powerful.
This is why people are getting excited
about it, is because it's so easy to have
all of your components in one spot, drop
it in as a monolith and off you go, right?
And this is most of the reasons
why smaller companies, and
I'm gonna be very clear when I say
smaller companies, can do this, right?
This is what makes Next.js so attractive,
as well as why a lot of people
are getting onto it because here's
the truth about the software industry.
90% of the people that are doing huge
crazy elaborate architecture are not
90 % of the rest of the industry, a lot
of people are still running monoliths.
Some people are still even running
a co-located facilities and
running their own servers.
So, things like this are very attractive,
right?
You get a really nice clean
interface to build your monolith in,
you can drag and drop it,
it's all available to you, and
you really don't have to think
too much about doing it.
So this is where you would start,
you would start with a monolith and
something like this.
Then what you would do is, you would
start splitting to services, right?
So we talk about having a monolith and
having it all in one place.
We've talked about microservices and
services and how those approaches work.
The idea here is that after a company or
project grows, there begins the need to
split out functional logic into units for
the following benefits, again,
independent development,
independent deployment, fault isolation.
So independent development means
you're hiring more people, right?
That you have more teams,
that you're growing, that's good.
This is a very common approach for
a company that's starting to grow,
that's starting to accumulate more,
not just users, but also employees.
Again, when you accumulate more employees,
you want those employees to be able to
deploy things on their own and have their
own fault isolation and things like that.
So again, you go from this
monolith approach where everybody's
working together,
everybody's drinking the same Kool-Aid.
And then you say, okay, now that we have
little cups of Kool-Aid for everyone,
here's your cup, here's your cup,
go work together and start splitting
out the things that you need.
Also, when you get to this point,
the idea is that you're also hiring for
specific things, right?
You want a team that handles user data,
you want a team that handles, again,
processing transactions or
things like that.
So, the split to services approach should
be easier to identify once you get here.
If you start with this, it might be
hard because you're one person, right?
If you want person making a microservice
or in a service based architecture,
you might not even need to split it,
so you don't know how to split it.
You're like, I guess I could split this,
but you don't know,
you won't know until
you're actually at scale.
Again, going back to the original slides,
testing, monitoring and
managing the system for a while to see
what needs to scale and what doesn't.
One last thing to note about
splitting to services,
you should only split to
services when you need to, right?
So if you're in a monolith architecture,
stay in it, right?
And start looking at what
are things that need to scale and
only move those things first.
Dip your toe into the distributed
architecture, don't just dive in.
If you dive in and
do everything at once, it's gonna hurt,
it's gonna be a bad experience,
and it's basically gonna be like
belly flopping into a pool,
it's not gonna be fun.
So again,
we're gonna go back to this, right?
We start splitting to services,
hopefully now this really encompasses
everything that we've talked about today.
And you understand why you
can have a frontend team,
you can have a backend team, those are two
isolated and they're two working together.
Finally, saving with serverless, right?
So we talked about monoliths,
we talked about services, but
then we also talked about the need of
saving money in specific circumstances or
saving operations cost, saving resource
cost, saving scaling challenges.
So again, after starting with a monolith
than separating that logic with services,
a system can further benefit from
serverless for those things, right?
At this point, you should have a pretty
good experience with distributed,
at this point you should already kind
of have your team separated, you should
already have a good understanding of how
these processes separate from each other.
And maybe specific teams wanna
start using serverless.
It doesn't mean that all
the infrastructure has to move to
serverless.
It just means that maybe a specific
team is taking up a lot of costs.
Maybe they have a lot of management in
infrastructure or scaling issues, right?
This is where you could go to that
specific team and say, okay, cool.
Well why don't you guys start moving some
of these things off to serverless and
work with those as well.
And so again, this is where we
see this slow creep to moving
to more serverless approach,
trying to save money, and again,
we just kinda go back to the same
diagram we saw this before.
But now this encompasses everything,
right?
This now shows you the evolution
in more detail why you go from
one to another to another?
Does this mean as well that you can
go from serverless back to server or
back to monolith?
Yeah, if you have a reason for it, right?
I told you guys earlier that I'm at some
point gonna have to put a service in front
of Twitch chat messages,
otherwise my cloud bill's gonna
go through the roof, right?
So, it doesn't just mean that you're
just gonna go in one direction.
It could mean that you go in one
direction, and then you move back, and
then you move forward again,
and then you move back again.
These architectures are dynamic,
they're alive,
they're living creatures in some way.
And so it evolves it grows,
it has pain points and
then eventually solves those pain points.